[FEMALE ORPHAN 8A]
Whoa, it's Shy!
[MALE ORPHAN 8A]
Aren't you Japan's hero?
[FEMALE ORPHAN 8B]
What are you doing in Russia?
[indistinct chatter]
Shy!
Please, just give me
a little space!
[chuckles]
-[NATALIA] Pesha.
-Huh?!
It looks like everyone
inside is all right.
Doctor Isaak is checking up
on each of them.
Oh. That's great.
Now that I see you in uniform,
you really do look
the part of a Hero.
Hearing you say that
to my face
is honestly
a little bit embarrassing.
Well, get over it!
But, it's no surprise.
What do you mean?
I knew it was only
a matter of time
before you made a name
for yourself out there.
[SPIRIT]
You really think so? Why?
[NATALIA]
Why, you ask?
Because I knew
how incredible Lenya was,
and she loved you.
[SPIRIT]
Mama?
[NATALIA] Ah, don't take me
the wrong way, though!
Your accomplishments
are your own,
through and through.
I just can't help
but see the woman
I always looked up to
every time I look at you.
Hold on!
I never knew
you looked up to her!
Of course, you didn't.
You think I told her that?
[laughs]
She never seemed like a child.
She had a certain way
she approached every day.
[NATALIA] Some of the days
we shared back then
could only be described
as awful,
but I don't recall seeing
her cry or lose her temper.
I think, she must've had
a strict upbringing
before she came here.
Her parents told her
to not cause trouble,
to not rely on others.
So, she didn't.
But because of that,
she found herself
wanting to take care
of the other kids.
She helped people
without expecting anything,
and I'm sure that kindness
followed her
into adulthood too.
She was bullied
because they knew
she wouldn't fight back.
I saw her put up
with more than I could've.
But none of it
seemed to shake her.
There's only one way
to describe the way she acted.
Someone who dedicates
their life to others is a Hero.
So, you know being her daughter
and carrying her legacy,
it just made sense.
I see her love
in everything you do.
It felt so obvious.
Naturally you'd grow up
to be a superhero.
The way that I figure it,
she's still alive and well,
right?
My hero lives on in you.
You really mean it?
[screams]
-[SHY] Pepesha, save me!
-[SPIRIT] Yikes.
They've got me!
Help please!
Kids, our Hero's in trouble!
Let's go!
Time to wrap it up
and head back inside!
[CHILDREN]
'Kay!
[panting]
Thanks. I was stuck.
[SHRIMPY]
Teru? Teru!
Shrimpy? Can you hear me?
[SHRIMPY] Ah!
Thank goodness. You're safe.
I couldn't get a hold of you,
so I was worried.
Oh, it's fine, now.
We're okay.
I think.
Pepesha and I were able
to take care of the situation.
[SHRIMPY]
Got it.
Unilord recently sent
reinforcements to be safe.
♪
I was told we had an emergency.
But it seems we're not needed.
[SPIRIT] Stardust! Lady Black!
You were sent here?
[STARDUST]
Yeah.
Right before the two of you
arrived on this scene,
we received a transmission
from Unilord.
[UNILORD]
Moments ago,
the governments
and Heroes of all nations
agreed to share information
and cooperate with each other.
We hope,
when Amarariruku appears,
the nations and Heroes of the
world will work together.
During our briefing,
we got word
the two of you were handling
that very emergency.
And it seems you did.
I'll make sure Unilord receives
an exhaustive report from me
on the events of today.
[SPIRIT] But before I do that,
I need to check
that everyone is safe.
I see.
Then could anything
use my attention?
There is one thing.
Look here.
[SPIRIT]
Isn't it odd?
A ring left by Amarariruku.
If you can,
get this to Unilord right now.
This is serious. Will do.
[STARDUST]
I should be on my way, then.
I'm a busy man, after all.
[SHY]
Um, wait!
Thanks for earlier!
The guidance you gave me
was helpful.
I needed it, and it helped me
save everybody today.
I meant to tell you that
a while ago.
but I couldn't so...
I'm sorry for the wait.
Oh, I remember.
You're the girl
from the spaceship.
[STARDUST]
That is where we met, innit?
[SHY]
He forgot all about me.
[STARDUST]
I didn't do a single thing
to deserve your gratitude.
You got stronger
and saved them on your own.
Take credit where it's due.
You're responsible
for your own successes
It's the same
with your failures.
You can't divert the blame
to anyone else.
So, hold your head high.
Let yourself feel pride
for all the people
you rescued today.
Then have that pride
empower you going forward.
Don't let them see
you doubt yourself.
They'll think they should
apologize for being saved.
Assure them it's no problem.
Okay?
Well, I'm headed out.
Lady Black,
you take care of it from here.
Yeah, yeah.
I'll check to see
if anyone's injured now.
♪
What's the situation?
Do you know
if anyone's wounded?
Um, a few.
Some of the citizens
were hit by enemy attacks.
If you follow me,
I'll take you to them.
[LADY BLACK]
What about you?
Was I hit?
Don't worry about me, yet.
Please make sure
the others are okay first.
Wow.
You finally look
like a real Hero.
[LADY BLACK] Seems you've
climbed your first mountain.
[NATALIA]
Do you have to leave already?
We're more than happy
to put you up for the night.
I wouldn't want to risk
overstaying our welcome today,
but maybe next time.
Understood.
Well, be safe now.
Hold on.
Before you leave, I wanted
to thank you for saving us.
While you're away,
know that we're constantly
-thinking of you.
-That means the world to me.
Thanks, Natalia.
[SHY]
They're still out there.
I wonder what Stigma
and Amarariruku are after.
I keep feeling like...
there's something
important going on
right under our noses.
Even if we don't know
what to expect.
We Heroes have to be prepared
in any way that we're able.
[SPIRIT] So, we've gotta
keep pressing on!
[SHY]
Uh, totally!
[SPIRIT]
But, first things first,
there's a bar a little over
that way I like going to.
Hold on! You want more?
I can hardly believe
you're still standing
after watching how much
you drank with Natalia.
[SPIRIT] Something
that tiny's barely enough
to whet my appetite!
Now let's go!
Gonna drink till morning!
Gonna drink till dawn!
[SHY] Amarariruku,
and the power Stigma has.
To peer inside people's hearts,
and warp their dreams.
I may not know exactly
how it works yet,
but I know I'm a Hero.
And I was asked
to end this twisted dream.
The way it seems,
it's gonna be difficult.
and take more than
beating them in a fight.
Hey, Teru!
You got rocks in your shoes?
[SHY] Oh, uh...
I'm right behind you!
[giggles]
[SPIRIT] You don't think
I drink too much, right?
-[SHY] You definitely do!
-[SPIRIT] Huh?!
[STIGMA]
Even if the body's gone,
the heart remains
complete in this world.
Here, where our hearts
are free,
they never truly die.
So don't let this setback
make you sad, Kufufu.
You'll see.
Tzveta's here.
With you, with us all.
In the end, we'll each
become one single heart.
-[SHY] Shy.
-[SPIRIT] Shy.
[IKO]
Good morning, Momijiyama!
Koishikawa.
[SHY]
Morning.
You know that matryoshka doll
you brought me as a souvenir?
Well, my little brother's
totally obsessed with it!
We were just chatting
this morning about
where the best place
is to show it off!
[SHY]
That's awesome.
You're not quite seeming
like your usual self.
I guess you did
just get back home.
You must still have jet lag.
Yeah.
[sighs]
The trip was really busy,
but there's nothing
to fret about.
After all,
I'm a Hero, aren't I?
Are you sure
you're feeling okay?
You're looking...
-[gasps]
-[groaning]
[IKO] Whoa!
You're worse than I thought!
Yes, she's caught a cold.
She'll be just fine!
I'm gonna stay with her
till she's better.
Right, I appreciate it!
That was the school.
They also thought
you should stay home.
So, let's get you
in your bed and jammies!
I'll hang out for as long
as you need me.
I couldn't ask you for that.
Please, don't worry,
I don't want you
to miss school.
Says the girl
who's barely able to stand up!
At bare minimum,
I'm walking you home!
But...
Um, one sec.
[SHY]
Why exactly are you doing this?
Isn't this easier than walking?
The Koishikawa Taxi
will be departing now!
But first, which way
was it to your house again?
Oh, that way.
Onward!
[SHY] [whimpering]
Aren't I too old
to get a piggyback ride?
And she's the same age as me.
Just kill me.
[IKO] Anyway, I guess
even someone like you
isn't immune to colds!
Wait, did you think I wasn't
a human or something?
Nah, I just thought
maybe heroes had
some extra resistance
to getting sick.
Which is silly,
'cause everyone gets sick!
[SHY] If I were a proper hero,
I wouldn't let anyone see me
looking this lame.
I'm so sorry.
But this also...
kinda makes me happy.
Passengers, we've arrived
at the destination!
Thank you again for the help.
Whoa!
Hey, you look kind of rough!
[SHY]
I'm really sorry.
[IKO] Hey, Momijiyama,
is there anyone here
who'll get you
medicine and stuff?
[SHY]
No.
Although, Shrimpy can watch me.
[IKO]
Got it.
Then, how about I go
pick up a couple of things?
You should go lie down
and get some rest!
Oh, no! That's too much!
[SHY] I'll go
on my own a little later.
Jeez, you always act like this!
Putting the weight
of the world on your shoulders!
[IKO] It's fine.
Leave it all to me!
Uh, sure.
[SHY]
Maybe she's right.
I've been pushing myself
harder than usual lately.
I guess my body
wasn't able to hold up
with all the fighting.
You know, I was freezing
the whole time I fought
against Tzveta.
But I mean, it's been
forever since I caught a cold.
[coughs]
How are you feeling?
Let me know if there's
anything I can do.
Well, could you hang
my uniform up, please?
[SHRIMPY]
Gladly.
[coughs]
[SHRIMPY]
There.
[SHY]
Why do I feel so lonely?
It's always like this
when I'm sick.
My ears start to get stuffy,
and my body goes numb.
Where did everybody go?
I want to have someone here
to talk to me.
[SHY'S SISTER]
How are we doing?
Are you feeling good enough
to eat yet?
[coughs]
I think I can have
a little bit.
Some rice porridge shouldn't
be too hard on your system.
[SHY'S SISTER] Let's get
some nutrients in you.
You'll feel better
in no time flat!
I guess.
[SHY'S SISTER]
Still don't feel up to it?
Oh, I want to.
But it's hard to move
my hands around right now.
[SHY'S SISTER]
Aw, well, aren't you helpless?
You're like a little baby.
That's mean.
[SHY'S SISTER] Come on,
your sister's not gonna
let you starve.
I'll even blow on it.
And there's one more thing,
I kinda want you to do for me.
[SHY'S SISTER]
Okay, what would that be?
[SHY]
You used to gently rub my back.
Won't you do that
for your little sister?
Ah!
[whimpering]
I'm sorry!
Please say you didn't hear me
talk while I was sleeping!
No, of course, you did!
I'm begging you to forget
everything you heard!
Don't worry about it.
I'm happy to rub
your back if you want!
[IKO]
Totally! I'm on it!
-[SHY] No. I'm fine!
-[IKO] Here, lay on your tummy!
[IKO] Your personal masseuse
will take care of you!
I stocked up
on medicine and water.
That's super kind of you.
I also got some pads
to cool your head off,
and masks and gelatin,
and drinks with electrolytes!
[SHY] You're like a real adult.
So on top of it.
I'd like to say I play
my role pretty well!
I do have a little brother,
you know!
That reminds me
of what you said earlier.
You never told me
you have a big sister!
[gasps]
I do.
We used to live together
back when I was a kid.
[SHY] That feels
like a long time ago,
-she died a few years back.
-[gasps]
[IKO]
Oh, I'm sorry, I had no idea.
I hope I didn't upset you.
No. I'm comfortable
talking about her.
[SHY] In those days, my parents
weren't home very often.
So honestly, she would act
more like a mother to me.
Earlier today when you heard me
talking in my sleep,
I was dreaming about the past
and the time I spent with her.
[IKO]
I see.
I'm making a habit of this.
I always find a way
to embarrass myself with you.
That's what you think?
I don't see it as embarrassing.
[SHY]
Oh, come on.
Honestly?
It's great.
You've helped me
to feel at ease.
I'm grateful to see this.
It's like learning that Heroes
are average people, too.
How'd that make you
feel at ease?
Heroes can get hurt normally,
get sick normally,
have a normal family,
and go to middle school.
[IKO] I'd always felt like
you were out of reach
when we were talking.
But deep down, you're a totally
normal girl just like me.
I want you to know
how I respect that,
and that you fight for us.
It's nothing.
[IKO]
Anyway!
I guess
I'd better be on my way.
I'd hate to bother you anymore.
So, please eat up.
[SHY]
Oh, right!
I can't thank you enough
for all of this, Koishikawa.
My pleasure.
[SHY]
Normal, huh?
[IKO]
Ah! Hold on!
Starting now, I'm gonna try
calling you by your first name.
I'd like you to call me
"Iko," too.
See ya later!
Oh, sure.
I'll see you tomorrow.
I really told her.
[SHY] I've always wanted
to be more normal.
And no, it's not because
I don't like being a Hero.
But if I could talk
to people normally.
If I could hold
eye contact normally.
If I felt comfortable
in my skin normally.
Or heck, just calling friends
by name normally.
I've taken my first step,
and maybe it shouldn't be
such a big deal for a Hero.
But, hey!
Here we are.
Because for a normal
girl like me...
[inhales]
[exhales]
Uh, good morning!
Um...Iko!
It's a normal,
yet big step forward.
[IKO]
Good morning...Teru!
♪ Kufufu, Kufufu, Kufufu-fufu ♪
♪ Why'd you run away from me,
oh, where are you? ♪
♪ Oh, what to do? ♪
[DOKI]
Hey, girly!
You know where Stigma
went off to, don't you?
Spit it out quickly, girly!
Who's "girly?"
You'd better not tell me
you forgot the name Kufufu.
You think I give a crap?
Go die already.
Just cough up that info first!
I dunno!
He could be anywhere!
Anywhere, huh?
Then what's he planning to do
on this vacation he's having?
I dunno!
Now if you'll please excuse me,
the life of a fisherman
is a busy one.
[DOKI]
You dumbass!
You won't catch anything
in these waters!
Not with an attitude
like that you won't!
Got one!
The hell is that?
[KUFUFU]
Who knows?
Some kinda weirdo fish!
Don't care.
What are you trying
to find down there?
[KUFUFU]
Something big!
♪
My darling Tzveta
hasn't come home yet,
she might be down there
alone and scared.
So, I'll keep fishing
until I get her!
You're still on that, girly?
Tzveta disappeared
a lifetime ago!
Did you forget again?
I'm Kufufu.
Oh, I'm gonna kill you.
[KUFUFU] What's stopping you?
Not like I'll stay dead.
[DOKI]
Okay then, you asked for it!
♪
[INORI]
Cease this pointless fight.
Treat others as you would
like them to treat you.
Love thy neighbor,
even when it's hard.
Now let us lift
our hearts up in prayer!
Where are we?
Heaven!
[sighs]
Our master has bestowed
upon us a beauteous world
-in which we may
indulge and rejoice! -Huh!
[-INORI] If we can share
this world with the sheep
who live their lives
in darkness,
we can herd them
into the light of tranquility.
Yeah, whatever.
You got any info on Stigma?
Yes, of course, I do.
Our master
has begun preparations.
He's going
into that forsaken world.
To give it salvation.
[STIGMA]
We have a right to dream.
We all do.
It's one of the few things
we share equally.
But no two people
have the same dreams.
Could you imagine that?
If we were united
under one dream.
We would finally live
an unburdened and happy life.
Now, let's begin.
We'll make a world
where that's our reality.
♪
It will take more time,
but even the night
will soon be put to sleep.
[STIGMA]
Wait for me.